# CS4110-ME1

COMPUTING MACHINERY AND INTELLIGENCE By A. M. Turing Reaction paper
. 
The paper was published by alan turing in 1950s titled COmputing machinery and intelligence. In just the first sentence he asked "Can machines think?". Since it was published in 1950s I can say it feels futuristic. I guess it was really felt quite impossible for the technology back then. I can say he was ahead of his time. The paper revolves around what is now known the "turing test", it is to measure if the machine can have a human-like behavior that its similar from an actual person. 
Turing actually did not answer "Can machine think" Instead he cleverly say that "If a machine can imitate human well enough in conversation that a person can't tell the difference, does it matter if it "really" thinks?" That question was actually a good perspective. Instead of answering or define the word thinking that would actually make a endless debate he just made us focus on what we can observe which is the behavior. In the paper, he tackles several objections that the other people might say about machines being intelligent. He also addresses the "theological objection" which says that only human created by God can think. His reponse is both logical and bold. He says that "why couldn't God given machines the ability to think if He wanted to?". He handled the objection well for me, because he actually took it seriously and engaged with them thoughfully. There's another objection from Lady Loveace and it stood out for me. She says that machines can only do what they are programmed to do. and therefore, they can never be TRULY creative and original. Turing believed that machines could eventually learn or  originate new behaviors, something that really fascinate me, considering as what I obeserved to machine learning and to the AIs I experience today.

I feel like my perspective has been shift of how I view artificial intelligence. His turing test simplifies the idea of thinking by focusing on whether a machine can imitate human responses convicingly and I find that idea both practical and innovative. However, Im not fully agree of turing I actually get what he's saying but I still question if imitiation is enough to say that machine can "think" If I answer that question I would say the same like lady loveaces objection. I can really say that everything that a machine can do was actually what they are programmed to do. They can now adapt easily and copy human behavior however they can never think like humans and also they cannot think creatively, things that a machine cannot yet fully replicate. 

Turing paper from 1950 are now incredibly relavant in todays AI-driven world. His turing things laid the foundation for virtual assitant and chatbots where machines are expected to be human-like. AI are now increasingly playing bigger roles in important areas like healthcare or even legal decisions. I can't help feel uneasy that we're now trusting technology that mimics human thinking because there's a big difference between acting intelligent and truly understand the impact of those actions. Additionaly, Turings work touches on ethical dilemma we're now facing, like how AI will affect jobs and whether machines should make decisions that impact human's lives. As takes on human like roles, it forces us to rethink what it means to be responsible in a world where machines are taking more tasks that ones needs human judgement. 
